It was Tiger Wang who told you, it seems that it is Mr. Lu
Introduce yourself
I'm Wang Linjian dressing up other directors
Also the master of the cloud-topped sky
Oh, Mr. Lu
I was wrong, it's all my fault.
I shouldn't understand what you guys say
Just say something nice to the fat man
I can't live without this job.
You want to fire him?
Now that's snobbery.
Even you look down on it
I don't fire him
People who drive like this should have been fired long ago
By the way, I remember that Yang Hailiang
It is also triggered in your conscience
As for him, you should know what to do.
I understand after going back to prison?
I'll drive right away
Somebody drive him away from me
In the future, I don't want to be at home in Le Cheng
Mr. Luo
Give me a break.
Spare my second sister
We can't be soft-hearted towards this kind of person
Soft-hearted, remember to give me a discount on his legs.
Dare to scold my aunt
Oh, what's the matter with you coming to me?
Mr. Lu is telling the truth
Recently?
There is something wrong with the capital chain of Dawan Group
I want your help.
I didn't expect it.
20 years later, the famous Dawan Group Wang Linjian
There was such a problem back then
Okay, Mr. Wang, just say it directly
How much do you want? 20 million